The following is the distribution of work, deadlines for each part of the work, and goals to be delivered:

Objective: Research process for project and summarize the result in a google doc
    Person /People Assigned: ALL
    Due date: March 28th
    Deliverable(s): 1. References to code snippets
                    2. tutorial(s)
                    3. relevant processes
                    4. script 200 sample data to get basic knowledge of variables
                    5. EDA of the sample data to decide the final variables for scraping
                    (Discussion posted into Slack chat and summarize in a google doc)

Objective: Scrape for data with size of 3000+ samples
    Person / People Assigned:
    Due date: April 10th
    Deliverable(s): 1. script that is able to scrape from iMDB.com (or through api of omdbapi.com) for:
                        budget
                        gross profit
                        rating
                        director(s)
                        writer(s)
                        aspect ratio
                        description
                        review(s)
                        main actor(s)
                        etc.
                    2. script that is able to scrape from Facebook.com for:
                        director's likes
                        movie page's likes
                        actor(s)'s likes
                    3. script that creates a data frame with the scraped data and subsequently converts it to a .csv file

Objective: Analyze data
    Person / People Assigned: Arthur/ Sibo
    Due date: April 25th
    Deliverable(s): 1. script that is able to analyze sentiments found in written descriptions of the film and reviews
                        returns if sentiment is overwhelmingly positive or negative
                        if sentiment doesn't match score, mark comment as sarcasm
                    2. correlation
                    3. regression
                        linear regression
                        step-wise regression
                        ANOVA
                        MANOVA
                    4. visualisations
                        regression residual plots
                        heat map
                        scatter plots of relevant factors
                    5. causation analysis
                        OFAT
                        Principle analysis

Objective: Present data
    Person / People Assigned: ALL
    Due date: May 6th
    Deliverable(s): Powerpoint presentation

The final output will be a presentation that displays that the code functions as intended along with the corresponding analysis
of the scraped factors.

Reaserch questions:
1. Correlation between the scraped features and movies' success. What feature(s) has the most significant influence on the movie's profit?
2. Accuracy of the reviews: Are the reviews sarcasm?

